docs(ins): add warning for kapsule nodes (#5166)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/kubernetes/how-to/manage-node-pools.mdx

2. Click the Kapsule cluster name you want to manage. The cluster information page displays.
3. Click the **Pools** tab to display the pool configuration of the cluster.
4. Click **Add pool** to launch the pool creation wizard.
5. Configure the pool:
    - Choose the **Availability Zone** for the pool.
    - Choose the commercial type of Instance for the pool.
    - Configure the system volume.
    - Configure pool options.
    - Enter the pool's details.
6. Click **Add pool**. The pool gets added to your basket. Repeat the steps above to configure additional pools.
7. Click **Review** once you have configured the desired pools. A summary of your configuration displays.
8. Verify your configuration and click **Submit** to add the pool(s) to your Kapsule cluster.

## How to edit an existing Kubernetes Kapsule node pool

1. Navigate to **Kubernetes** under the **Containers** section of the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/) side menu. The Kubernetes dashboard displays.
2. Click the Kapsule cluster name you want to manage. The cluster information page displays.
3. Click the **Pools** tab to display the pool configuration of the cluster.

> 4. Click <Icon name="more" /> > **Delete** next to the node pool you want to edit.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Click <Icon name="more" /> > **Edit** next to the node pool you want to edit.
```

5. Configure the pool:
    - Update pool tags
    - Configure autoscaling

>     - Enable or disable the [autoheal feature](/kubernetes/concepts/#autoheal)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Enable or disable the [autoheal feature](/kubernetes/reference-content/using-kapsule-autoheal-feature/)
```

6. Click **Update pool** to update the pool configuration.

## How to migrate existing workloads to a new Kubernets Kapsule node pool

<Message type="important">
  Always ensure that your **data is backed up** before performing any operations that could affect it.
</Message>

> 1. Create the new node pool with the desired configuration either [from the console](/kubernetes/how-to/create-node-pool/) or by using `kubectl`.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Create the new node pool with the desired configuration either [from the console](#how-to-create-a-new-kubernetes-kapsule-node-pool) or by using `scw`.
```

    <Message type="tip">
      Ensure that the new node pool is properly labeled if necessary.
    </Message>
2. Run `kubectl get nodes` to check that the new nodes are in a `Ready` state.
3. Cordon the nodes in the old node pool to prevent new pods from being scheduled there. For each node, run: `kubectl cordon <node-name>`
4. Drain the nodes to evict the pods gracefully.
   - For each node, run: `kubectl drain <node-name> --ignore-daemonsets --delete-emptydir-data`
   - The `--ignore-daemonsets` flag is used because daemon sets manage pods across all nodes and will automatically reschedule them.
   - The `--delete-emptydir-data` flag is necessary if your pods use emptyDir volumes, but use this option carefully as it will delete the data stored in these volumes.
   - Refer to the [official Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/safely-drain-node/) for further information.
5. Run `kubectl get pods -o wide` after draining, to verify that the pods have been rescheduled to the new node pool.

> 6. [Delete the old node pool](/kubernetes/how-to/delete-node-pool/) once you confirm that all workloads are running smoothly on the new node pool.

Author: ```suggestion
6. [Delete the old node pool](#how-to-delete-an-existing-kubernetes-kapsule-node-pool) once you confirm that all workloads are running smoothly on the new node pool.
```
